Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: pyopencv
Version: 2.1.0.wr1.0.2
Summary: PyOpenCV - A Python wrapper for OpenCV 2.x using Boost.Python and NumPy
Home-page: http://code.google.com/p/pyopencv/
Author: Minh-Tri Pham
Author-email: pmtri80@gmail.com
License: New BSD License
Description: PyOpenCV brings Willow Garage's Open Source Computer Vision Library
        (OpenCV) verion 2.x to Python. The package takes a completely new and
        different approach in wrapping OpenCV from traditional swig-based and
        ctypes-based approaches. It is intended to be a successor of
        ctypes-opencv and to provide Python bindings for OpenCV 2.x.
        Ctypes-based approaches like ctypes-opencv, while being very flexible at
        wrapping functions and structures, are weak at wrapping OpenCV's C++
        interface. On the other hand, swig-based approaches flatten C++ classes
        and create countless memory management issues. In PyOpenCV, we use
        Boost.Python, a C++ library which enables seamless interoperability
        between C++ and Python. PyOpenCV will offer a better solution than both
        ctypes-based and swig-based wrappers. Its main features include:
        
        * A Python interface similar to the new C++ interface of OpenCV 2.x,
        including features that are available in the existing C interface
        but not yet in the C++ interface.
        * Access to C++ data structures in Python.
        * Elimination of memory management issues. The user never has to
        worry about memory management.
        * Ability to convert between OpenCV's Mat and arrays used in
        wxWidgets, PyGTK, and PIL.
        * OpenCV extensions: classes DifferentialImage, IntegralImage, and
        IntegralHistogram.
        
        To the best of our knowledge, PyOpenCV is the largest wrapper among
        existing Python wrappers for OpenCV. It exposes to Python 200+ classes
        and 500+ free functions of OpenCV 2.x, including those instantiated from
        templates.
        
        In addition, we use NumPy to provide fast indexing and slicing
        functionality to OpenCV's dense data types like Vec-like, Point-like,
        Rect-like, Size-like, Scalar, Mat, and MatND, and to offer the user an
        option to work with their multi-dimensional arrays in NumPy. It is
        well-known that NumPy is one of the best packages (if not the best) for
        dealing with multi-dimensional arrays in Python. OpenCV 2.x provides a
        new C++ generic programming approach for matrix manipulation (i.e.
        MatExpr). It is a good attempt in C++. However, in Python, a package
        like NumPy is without a doubt a better solution. By incorporating NumPy
        into PyOpenCV to replace OpenCV 2.x's MatExpr approach, we seek to bring
        OpenCV and NumPy closer together, and offer a package that inherits the
        best of both world: fast computer vision functionality (OpenCV) and fast
        multi-dimensional array computation (NumPy).
        
        
Platform: OS Independent
Platform: Windows
Platform: Linux
Platform: MacOS
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Information Technology
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Operating System :: Unix
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Topic :: Multimedia :: Graphics
Classifier: Topic :: Multimedia :: Video
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Artificial Intelligence
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Human Machine Interfaces
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
