Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: tcpwatch
Version: 1.3.1
Summary: TCP monitoring and logging tool with support for HTTP 1.1
Home-page: http://hathawaymix.org/Software/TCPWatch
Author: Shane Hathaway
Author-email: shane@zope.com
License: ZPL 2.0
Description: TCPWatch is a utility written in Python that lets you monitor forwarded TCP
        connections or HTTP proxy connections. It displays the sessions in a window
        with a history of past connections. It is useful for developing and debugging
        protocol implementations and web services.
        
        Version 1.3 is compatible with Tkinter installations that use threads. See the
        change log for a list of other changes.
        
        TCPWatch is licensed under ZPL 2.0 and requires Python 2.1 or later.
        
        
        Version 1.3.1
        
        - Convert to use setuptools and console scripts for installation
        
        - Release to PyPI.
        
        Version 1.3
        
        - Made compatible with versions of tcl that have threads enabled.
        
        - Log file numbers are now sequential.
        
        - "user@host" is now accepted as a destination hostname (the user
        name is ignored).
        
        
        Version 1.2.1
        
        - A typo made it impossible to use two of the command line options.
        Fixed.
        
        
        Version 1.2
        
        - Added the ability to record TCP sessions to a directory.
        Use -r <path>.  Implemented by Tres Seaver.
        
        - Replaced the launch script with a distutils setup.py, thanks again
        to Tres Seaver.
        
        
        Version 1.1
        
        - Almost completely rewritten.  The code is now more reusable and
        reliable, but the user interface has not changed much.
        
        - 8-bit clean.  (You can now use TCPWatch to verify that SSH really
        does encrypt data. ;-) )
        
        - It can now run as a simple HTTP proxy server using the "-p"
        option.  There are a lot of interesting ways to use this.
        
        - It's now easier to watch persistent HTTP connections.  The "-h"
        option shows each transaction in a separate entry.
        
        - You can turn off the Tkinter GUI using the -s option, which
        outputs to stdout.
        
        - Colorized Tkinter output.
        
        
        Version 1.0
        
        Never released to the public.
        
        
Keywords: tcp monitor proxy
Platform: UNKNOWN
