Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: bombardier_core
Version: 1.10-783
Summary: Open Source Configuration management and package delivery: shared components
Home-page: http://bombardierinstaller.org/
Author: Peter Banka and Shawn Sherwood
Author-email: peter.banka@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Description: Bombardier is a command-line system that allows a system admins to manage a
        large number of computers in his or her datacenter over ssh. You can compare
        Bombardier to Chef (www.opscode.com) or ControlTier (www.controltier.org).
        Bombardier has a more secure than either of those systems and provides a
        better user interface (command-line) that (we think) most system
        administrators will prefer for daily work to web-based interfaces (which
        you are limited to with the other products). 
        .
        For common tasks such as deploying software or making changes to system
        configuration, this tool can make these tasks a lot faster and a lot more
        reliable. The basic approach is to drive automated SSH sessions over expect.
        .
        There are three major pieces of code to this thing:
        # A "client," which installs on the computers you want to manage. The client
          does not run as a service, it is more accurately described as client-side
          libraries. The client software can be automatically installed by the server.
        # (THIS PACKAGE)A server, which runs under Apache and provides a ReST
          interface, and a daemon. The daemon is responsible for managing ssh
          connections to the computers in the network.
        # A command-line interfce (CLI), which provides an efficient Cisco-style
          command-line for driving the whole system. 
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 2 - Pre-Alpha
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Information Technology
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Archiving :: Packaging
Provides: bombardier_core
