Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: backport_importlib
Version: 0...1
Summary: A script to backport the full importlib to 2.x
Home-page: https://bitbucket.org/ericsnowcurrently/backport_importlib/
Author: Eric Snow
Author-email: ericsnowcurrently@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Description: Introduced in Python 3.1, the importlib package provides a pure Python
        implementation of the import machinery.  It is also available on PyPI
        as a [very] watered down backport.
        
        The backport_importlib package provides a script that will backport the
        full importlib package to 2.x.  Keep in mind that the backport is quite
        naive and likely incomplete.  However, it passes the rudimentary tests
        included in the script.
        
        The script is optparse-based and the "-h" flag should be sufficient to
        see how to use it.  For information on how to use importlib, please
        refer to the current 3.x stdlib documentation.  The script will update
        the importlib modules in-place, and will not install importlib for you.
        Also, you have to provide your own copy of the 3.x importlib, which you
        can get from hg.python.org/cpython (under Lib).
        
        If you find cases where the backport could be improved please let me
        know.  Also, it probably won't work for Python earlier than 2.4, so
        keep that in mind.
        
        One last thing.  A big reason that importlib was not released on PyPI
        as a full backport was to encourage adoption of 3.x.  I stand with
        Brett on that choice.  This tool is meant for the desparate only.  In
        truth, importlib provides very little that you don't already have in
        the 2.x import machinery, so if you think you need it you're probably
        wrong.
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: Python Software Foundation License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.4
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.5
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
