Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: python-edje
Version: 0.5.0
Summary: Python bindings for Edje
Home-page: http://www.enlightenment.org/
Author: Gustavo Sverzut Barbieri
Author-email: barbieri@gmail.com
License: LGPL
Description: Python bindings for Edje, part of Enlightenment Foundation Libraries.
        
        Edje is a complex graphical design & layout library, designed to be
        used with "Evas" canvas system, also part of EFL.
        
        It doesn't pretend to do containering and regular layout like a widget
        set. For the purposes of Enlightenment 0.17, Edje should serve all the
        purposes of creating visual elements (borders of windows, scrollbars,
        etc.) and allow the designer the ability to animate, layout and
        control the look and feel of any program using Edje as its basic GUI
        constructor. This library allows for multiple collections of layouts
        in one file, sharing the same image database and thus allowing a whole
        theme to be conveneintly packaged into 1 file and shipped around.
        
        Edje separates the layout and behavior logic. Edje files ship with an
        image database, used by all the parts in all the collections to source
        graphical data. It has a directory of logical part names pointing to
        the part collection entry ID in the file (thus allowing for multiple
        logical names to point to the same part collection, allowing for the
        sharing of data betwene display elements). Each part collection
        consists of a list of visual parts, as well as a list of programs. A
        program is a conditionally run program that if a particular event
        occurs (a button is pressed, a mouse enters or leaves a part) will
        trigger an action that may affect other parts. In this way a part
        collection can be "programmed" via its file as to hilight buttons when
        the mouse passes over them or show hidden parts when a button is
        clicked somewhere etc. The actions performed in changing from one
        state to another ar also allowed to transition over a period of time,
        allowing animation.
        
        This separation and simplistic event driven style of programming can
        produce almost any look and feel one could want for basic visual
        elements. Anything more complex is likely the domain of an application
        or widget set that may use Edje as a convenient way of being able to
        configure parts of the display.
        
        Edje files may contain small scripts written in Embryo (a variant of
        C, originally called Small, later renamed to PAWN).
        
Keywords: wrapper binding enlightenment graphics raster evas canvas theme
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Environment :: Console :: Framebuffer
Classifier: Environment :: X11 Applications
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL)
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Programming Language :: C
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: User Interfaces
