Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: MyProxyWebService
Version: 0.1.0
Summary: MyProxy Web Service
Home-page: http://proj.badc.rl.ac.uk/ndg/wiki/Security/MyProxyWebService
Author: Philip Kershaw
Author-email: Philip.Kershaw@stfc.ac.uk
License: BSD - See LICENSE file in top-level directory
Description: Provides a simple web service interface to MyProxy.  MyProxy is a Service for
        managing PKI based credentials which is part of the Globus Toolkit.  Providing
        a HTTP based interface enables HTTP based clients to connect to a MyProxy server
        and retrieve credentials.
        
        The interface is implemented as a WSGI application which fronts a normal
        MyProxy server.  myproxy-logon and myproxy-get-trustroots are expressed as web
        service calls.  The WSGI application forwards the requests on to the MyProxy
        server over the usual MyProxy protocol.  The web service interface is RESTful
        using GET and POST operations and the logon interface makes uses of HTTP Basic
        Auth to pass username and pass-phrase credentials.  The service is hosted over
        HTTPS.
        
        The unit tests include a test application served using paster.  Client scripts
        are also available which need no specialised installation or applications, only
        openssl and curl which are typically available on Linux/UNIX based systems.
        
Platform: POSIX
Platform: Linux
Platform: Windows
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Environment :: Web Environment
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: System Administrators
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Topic :: Security
Classifier: Topic :: Internet
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Distributed Computing
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Systems Administration :: Authentication/Directory
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
