Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: Firmant
Version: 0.2.0
Summary: A framework for static web applications.
Home-page: http://firmant.org/
Author: Robert Escriva (rescrv)
Author-email: firmant@mail.robescriva.com
License: 3-clause BSD
Description: Firmant is a framework for developing static web applications.
        
        Much of today's web development focuses on developing dynamic applications that
        regenerate the page for each view.  Firmant takes a different approach that
        allows for publishing of static content that can be served by most http servers.
        
        Some of the benefits of this approach include:
        
        * Build locally, deploy anywhere.  Many notable server distributions (including
        CentOS 5, and Debian Lenny) still ship old (pre-2.6) versions of Python.
        With Firmant, this is not an issue as static output may be published anywhere
        independent of the system where it was built.
        * Quicker page load times.  Search engines and viewers expect near-instant page
        load times and static content can meet these expectations.  Dynamic content
        can as well; however, it often requires more than simple hardware to do so.
        * Offline publishing capability.  Previewing changes to a website does not
        require Internet access, as the changes are all made locally.  Changes do not
        need to be pushed to a remote server.
        * Store content in revision control.  This is not strictly a feature granted by
        generating static pages.  Firmant is designed to make storing all content in
        a repository a trivial task -- something that web application frameworks that
        are powered by relational databases do not consider.
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Operating System :: Unix
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP :: Site Management
