Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: alfajor
Version: 0.1
Summary: Tasty functional testing.
Home-page: http://github.com/idealistdev/alfajor/
Author: Action Without Borders, Inc.
Author-email: jason@idealist.org
License: BSD
Description: Alfajor
        -------
        
        Tasty functional testing.
        
        Alfajor provides a modern, object-oriented and browser-neutral interface to
        HTTP resources.  With Alfajor, your Python scripts and test code have a live,
        synchronized mirror of the browser's X/HTML DOM, even with DOM changes made on
        the client by JavaScript.
        
        Alfajor provides:
        
         - A straightforward 'browser' object, with an implementation that
           communicates in real-time with live web browsers via Selenium and a fast,
           no-javascript implementation via an integrated WSGI gateway
        
         - Use a specific browser, or, via integration with the 'nose' test runner,
           switch out the browser backend via a command line option to your tests.
           Firefox, Safari, WSGI- choose which you want on a run-by-run basis.
        
         - Synchronized access to the page DOM via a rich dialect of lxml, with great
           time-saving shortcuts that make tests compact, readable and fun to write.
        
         - Optional management of server processes under test, allowing them to
           transparently start and stop on demand as your tests run.
        
         - An 'apiclient' with native JSON response support, useful for testing REST
           and web api implementations at a fine-grained level.
        
         - A friendly BSD license.
        
Keywords: testing test functional integration browser ajax selenium
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 1 - Planning
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.5
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP :: Browsers
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Testing
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Quality Assurance
